

I could have created the program to display RANDOM questions, but I
decided not to. A given question might be part of a progression, where
each one is intended to stimulate you to think about them and lead
to a conclusion, and putting them in random order would be confusing
and unhelpful.  If randomness is desired, drop me a line and let
me know you have an RFE (Request For Enhancement) because being
random would not be all that difficult to implement.  I would treat
the questions like a bag of marbles, where you pull one out at random
and once you pulled them all out they would all go back into the bag
and get shaken around and the process repeated.  

I have included a virtual controller (Player-0) which is mouse driven
on the display.  The intention was so that folks could eval the software
and decide if it fit their needs before they built/bought a set of
controllers.  It's also handy for creating questions and testing their
look on the computer w/o having to set the whole thing up.

I should point out there is a secret DEBUG feature, so if the app is
started up with the DEBUG flag you get to see all kinds of logging
information as the program runs.  Probably not useful to most folks
but it helped me detect flow issues as I developed the code.

OK some important stuff:

You can have a max of 6 players, but the INTENTION is two without any
additional hardware at all!  The idea is one person can use the happy
"Mouse Player" (which is also the admin user) and the other can use
the keyboard.  IE, Red is R, Yellow is Y, etc...  This allows anyone to
compete and try this out without any additional controllers.

The OLD controllers used this clever custom hardware jobber I built that
took advantage of the printer port.  Who has a printer port anymore?
So now we use these things called "Teensy" boards - but bonus the old
controllers still work just as they are!  This allows us to use a USB
port, but limits us to only 3 controllers for the cheap $12 Teensy board.
Yes I could have sprung and got the $30 one and had all 6 but did I 
mention I was cheap?

AND as before, if one were to take this oh to a street fair the only
part that need be exposed to folks that walk by would be the simple
to make controller, a standard RJ45 cable, and visibility to a screen.
They don't need to touch the mouse, keyboard, or even the Teensy module
that makes it work over usb.  

If you are curious, the Teensy board allows me to wire the buttons up
as if they were keys on a keyboard - so the R button on controller 1 
could be oh the 1 button "on the keyboard".  This makes the software
super simple to allow for a lot of controllers. 

