
                                  FILL OR BUST!

                A game for 1 or more players, ages 9 to adult.


OBJECT:

The object of the game is to be the highest scorer.  You can play to a goal of any number, for example 5000 or 10000 points.  The winner would be the first player to reach the goal.  Or, you could play within any time limit and the winner would be the highest scorer at the end of the time period.  You could also play until all 54 cards have been drawn.

A "FILL" is when all the dice are good for points, after single or multiple rolls.  After completing a FILL, you may draw another card and continue play, but still risk the points acquired so far.  A "BUST" is when your roll generates no points, you lose the points risked, and your turn is over.


THE CARDS:

        12 - 300 Point "Bonus" cards
        10 - 400 Point "Bonus" cards
         8 - 500 Point "Bonus" cards
         8 - "No Dice" cards
         6 - "Fill 1000" cards
         4 - "Must Bust" cards
         4 - "Vengeance 2500" cards
         2 - "Double Trouble" cards


GAMEPLAY:

Enter the player names from left to right, leaving no space blank.  When you're ready, click "Continue" to bring up the game board.  Note each player starts with a score of 0 points, and one of the players is highlighted in RED.  That player, chosen at random, will be the starting player.  Player order is down the list, with the bottom of the list revolving back to the top.


THE RULES:

RULE 1 - YOU *MUST* TURN OVER A DRAW CARD BEFORE EACH TURN

The card drawn will deterine your course of play and will be explained later under "PLAYING THE DRAW CARDS"

RULE 2 - YOU *MUST* SCORE EVERY TIME YOU TOSS THE DICE

After turning over a card, you begin your turn by tossing all six dice.  The dice that come up as "points" will be taken out of play (turned green) and non-point dice will remain white.  If you "Bust", all the dice will be taken out of play and your turn will be over.

You score by tossing 1's and 5's, any triples, or a straight (123456).  The chart under "SCORING WITH THE DICE" shows the points you recieve according to which dice you toss.

RULE 3 - AFTER EACH TOSS YOU MUST REMOVE THE SCORING DICE

This is signified by their being taken out of play (turning green).  At this point you may have the option of taking these "at risk" points and adding them to your score sheet, or take a chance and try to score more points with the remaining dice.


HOW TO SCORE A FILL:

If you can continue to score points on every toss of the dice, and you eventually use all six dice, you have scored a FILL.  You can decide to end your turn by adding the "at risk" points to the scoresheet, or you can turn over another card and continue play.  There is no limit to the number of FILLs that may be scored in a turn.


WHAT IS A BUST?

If on any toss of the dice you DO NOT score, that toss is a "BUST"  

When you BUST during a turn, you lose ALL the points you scored in that turn.  You do not lose any points already added to the scoresheet.  After a BUST, your turn ends and you pass control to the next player.


SCORING WITH THE DICE:

The object of scoring with the dice is to roll as many points in a turn as possible without tossing a BUST.  It is up to you to decide when to stop and take your points by adding them to the scoresheet where they are safe, or whether to risk your points and continue tossing the dice in order to try and score more points.

This chart shows the points you score according to what dice you toss.  Note you CANNOT COMBINE TOSSES, these must appear from a single toss of the dice:

    single 5 - 50 points
    single 1 - 100 points

    triple 1 - 1000 points
    triple 2 - 200 points
    triple 3 - 300 points
    triple 4 - 400 points
    triple 5 - 500 points
    triple 6 - 600 points

    straight (123456) - 1500 points

An example: if you rolled 225555, the score would be 550 (500 for the triple 5 and an additional 50 for the remaining 5) and you could take this score or re-roll the two 2's hoping to roll a 1 or a 5.  

Another example: if you rolled 112356, your score is 250.  100 points for each 1 and 50 points for the 5.


PLAYING THE DRAW CARDS:

The draw cards are used to add variety and excitement to the game. Depending on which card is drawn, they can make scoring easier or more difficult.  Some cards give you bonus points for scoring a FILL, and some cards take away your turn (causing you to lose any "at risk" points!)  You draw a card before each turn begins.  A card is also drawn after each FILL is scored, *IF* you decide to continue play.  The card you draw will determine how to proceed with your turn.


HOW EACH CARD IS PLAYED:

Bonus 300, 400, and 500 -
When you draw a "BONUS" card, you will receive the bonus points *ONLY* if you score a FILL.  The bonus amount is added to the points scored in the FILL.  At any time during a bonus card play you may stop and take the points rolled on the dice, ending your turn, but you DO NOT collect the bonus if you stop before scoring a FILL.

NO DICE -
When you draw a "NO DICE" card, you lose your turn.  If, after a FILL, you decide to draw another card and you turn over a No Dice card, you lose *ALL* points scored in that turn.

FILL 1000 -
When you draw a "FILL 1000" card, you *MUST* score a FILL.  You lose your option to stop tossing and take whatever points you have short of a FILL.  If you do score a FILL, ADD an extra 1000 points to your score in that turn.  These points remain "at risk" if you chose to flip another card and continue play.  If you BUST before scoring a FILL, you lose your turn.

MUST BUST -
The "MUST BUST" card makes scoring the easiest!  When you draw this card, you are certain to score some points unless you BUST on the first toss.  You begin by tossing all six dice.  The scoring die are taken out of play (turned green) and you retoss the nonscoring ones.  This continues until you BUST, at which time all the points are added to the scoresheet and your turn is over.  You do *NOT* lose these points after throwing a BUST.  If you throw a FILL, you add the points to your scoresheet and reroll all six dice.  There is no limint to the number of FILLs you may throw.  You do *NOT* draw another card after each FILL when playing the MUST BUST card.

DOUBLE TROUBLE DOUBLE -
When you draw the "DOUBLE TROUBLE" card, you *MUST* score TWO consecutive FILLs.  You lose your option to stop at any time before you FILL twice in a row.  If you BUST, your turn is over and control passes to the next player.  If you are able to score two consecutive FILLs, the amount scored is DOUBLED and ADDED to the scoresheet at that time.  
After adding this total to the scoresheet, you can draw another card and continue play WITHOUT THE RISK OF LOSING THESE POINTS.

VENGEANCE 2500 -
This card can only be used against the player with the highest score.  If two or more players are tied for lead the VENGEANCE card can be used against all of them.  You cannot play a VENGEANCE card against yourself.  If you are the leader and you draw this card, another card will be drawn for you and the VENGEANCE card is discarded.  You do not *HAVE* to play this card, if you decide you do not want VENGEANCE you can simply draw another card.  However, once you roll the dice you must play the card out.
If you play the VENGEANCE card, you *MUST* throw a FILL.  You lose the option to stop short of scoring a FILL.  If you are successful, then your rolled points are added to the scoresheet at this time and you may continue play WITHOUT THE RISK OF LOSING THESE POINTS.  The leader(s) will have their score reduced by 2500 points.  Should they have less than 2500 points, their score will be reset to zero.


A note about Fill Or Bust!

My sister gave everyone in our family this game back in 1981.  I never saw it for sale anywhere again until 2006, where it can be purchased online from www.fillorbust.com.  It has been around for a long time as a dice-only game; the rules vary a little from person to person you talk to.  The cards are a neat twist and I *HIGHLY* suggest you purchase a copy of the game for yourself.  All of us in our family still have our original sets of dice/cards, and I actually have the box and rules as well.  The game has been a hit everywhere I've taken it - starting in Ohio it went with me to Kent State, then to various places in Colorado (Denver, Arvada, Littleton, Colorado Springs, etc) eventually to Massachusetts where folks who come over often ask me to "get out that neat dice game" at parties.  I have even taken it to Yellowstone, and when I was stuck on a jury for a case in Boston I brought it to play each morning with my fellow jurors while waiting for the trial to start.

Bowman Games (once Bowman Enterprises)
2726 Lancaster Drive (apparently they moved from 2454 Erskine Road)
Joliet, IL 60433

It was a great game to practice a little Java coding with, I hope you enjoy it and take my advice, buy a copy to take to your next party.  Everyone loves it, they usually find it quite different than anything else they've every played, kids and adults can enjoy it together (yes, it's a FAMILY game) and frankly some of the most beautiful ladies I have every seen in my life found it quite the item to talk about.  I'm not saying it helped me win over my wife, but it sure didn't hurt!!!

Randy Crihfield, 2006

email: justrandy@charter.net
  web: www.justrandy.com

