
This app was created to enhance scoring of a real
Jeopardy game, such as what you get with the home
version.

The questions are kept in a file called game.dat.

I have provided two game question sets, which are
simple straightforward ascii text files and can be
edited in any simple editor.


The initial screen is the editor.  This is where
you can enter the names and adjust scores if needed.
Once you click "Continue" the game board appears.

The flow is intended as such:  

1. A player rings in - select the player's button
so it highlights to "red"

2. The player answers. If the answer is right, click
the left mouse button on the corresponding answer
location.  It will change to that player's name and
turn grey.  No further action can be had with this
answer.

3. If the player answers wrong, click the right
mouse button on the answer and the points will be
deducted from their score.  The button turns grey
but others can still chime in, and after selecting
their name FIRST then you can click the left or
right button depending on if they get the answer
correct or not.

4. If no one chimes in, either initially or after a
player has missed, you can mark the answer done by
using the middle mouse button (ie No Answer)


The rounds are selected at the top, for Jeopardy,
Double Jeopardy, and Final Jeopardy.


5. In Final Jeopardy, your contestants give you
their bet values and you lock them in. Then, starting
with the lowest scoring person first, you select
their button (highlight them) and then click either
they Answered Right or Wrong. Their button becomes
disabled signifying they are "done" and then you
select the next lowest score, etc.

Remember, in the rules of Jeopardy only those with
a positive score can bet, since they have to bet with
what they have.  Right now there is no daily double
but that may be put in later.

Enjoy!  It was fun to make and I hope you get a lot
of fun out of it yourself.

Randy Crihfield

email: justrandy@charter.net
  web: www.justrandy.com
