
This was written in December of 2006 for use at the new years party at the Crihfield house!

Take digital pics of your guests, either gif or jpg files, and copy them into the players subdir.  Try to use lower res pics, I used 640x480 pics w/o any grief.  They can be 480x640 (hold camera sideways) too, it will scale to fix the block.

You want 9, the default image (Shrek-Randy!) is kind of scary...

Then just "java Hollywood" 

Enter in your two contestent names.  Default names are Player 1 and Player 2.  Player 1 gets the X, so if that's gonna be an issue between your players you might want them to iron that out beforehand!

Click on whichever player is going first.  It will highlight white.  This really has nothing to do with the game but helps you keep track of who's turn it is.

If a square is chosen and answered correctly, click the right button.

X is always button 1 (the left mouse button)
O is always button 3 (the right mouse button)

If you make a mistake, button 2 (the middle mouse button) will swap the value.


How to play (MY rules): 
You ask the Hollywood Square Person a question.  He or she is supposed to answer it as best they can.  Then your contestant says they agree or disagree with the answer.  If they are right, they "win" the square.  If they are wrong, it is marked for the other guy.

The only time you DONT mark it for the other guy on an incorrect answer is if marking it would give the other guy a win.  If this is the third mark in a row it simply stays blank - winners must win on their own.

Variations - obviously you could ignore that last rule and let the X's an O's fall where they may.  Also, you could have it where an incorrect answer leaves the square as is, w/o giving your oponent any unearned advantage.

If you like this, drop me a line and let me know how your party went.  We hook ours to a projector and display the images on a 110" screen, so the players might be kind of scary at that size!

Randy Crihfield
justrandy@charter.net
www.justrandy.com
